Pick2Light system Version 1.0
-SlackBot Version 1.0

The system was designed to run with 182 LEDs, 182 Buttons and 182 7 Segement displays. To control this amount the system was spilt into 8 arudino
controlled subsections with a Raspberry Pi to controll the entire system. In doing this the solution simplified the number of items being controlled 
by a single microprocessor from 546 items to just 72. The idea of the system was that the Raspberry Pi would recieve the order information in the form 
of a JSON file which will be sent from the website server. From that JSON file the RPi will decide which arduino and which lights needed to be turn on
The RPi will also take information such as the amount of items in the order and the time to completion to help with determining speed of order completion.
This caused the need of a GUI that would allow for ease of use. The Slack API was decided as it was already integrated into the company software list and 
the API had ease of rapid devolopement. 

The RPi is programed using Python 2.7 and with small changes will work for Python 3. The was determined to be a good choice in languages as it allows for 
future improvments because of the learning curve to learn basics of Python. The Ardiuno code is writen in Embedded C as that is the native language for 
those processors and allows of a small code footprint compared to the Python code on the RPi. 

Expansion on the RPi code can be done easily as it was designed with expansion in mind and adaption to any changes to sub systems. 

Slack interface uses SlackBots to send files to users that request files. This is done through low level string pattern recognition. If auser types 
@pick2ligh_username and sends a command it will responsed with the correct response. The commands are:

shutdown to shutdown RPi
restart to restart RPi
send to have RPi send files to user
update to have RPi update its system
cpu to recieve percent of CPU used
memory or ram to recieve percent of ram used
temperture to recieve temperture data
cancel to cancel shutdown or restart
