Notes:

Arduino Code has been tested and worked under test conditions. Arduino's 1-7 will work as the Arduino program plans them to

Arduino 8 needs to be tested just to ensure working prototype

Arduino Code Summary and how it works with the System:

The arduinos control thier own section of the Cell.

A1 controls the fist 24 items on the top row. 
A2 controls the fist 24 items on the next row
A3 controls the fist 24 items on the next row
A4 controls the fist 24 items on the next row
A5 controls the fist 24 items on the next row
A6 controls the fist 24 items on the next row
A7 controls the fist 24 items on the bottom row
A8 controls the remainder items on each row

This was determined based on software i2c capablities as there can only be 8 7 segment displays per i2c bus. The physical design also played a role
as the thought of separating a bus from  on row to the begining of the next seemed to make things unnessarly complicated. In truth the design could use less Arduinos
but if done will case a increase in complexity of code and algorithms used to control the lights,buttons and 7 segments displays. but with the current layout expansion
without much change in the code as A8 is not completely filled with lights, buttons or 7 segment displays. The other expansion can be performed by additonal arduinos
as the main controller  is the RPi(Raspberry PI) which can have 103 devices placed on its I2C bus. This means that if sensors or other instaments were added 
to system they would be easy to install as a add on the only changes would need to be in the overall code of the system. 

Notes: The limitation of software i2c is that there has to be 2 pins for each additional i2c connection and they can't be connected to another source
This leaves to a max of 6 i2c buses that can be made with current knowledge of the arduino UNO being used. This can be bypassed if need by replacing the 
shield with just the chip and creating a fix sytem. The downside of this approuch is that it will not be adaptable if something was to go wrong. This would mean if something 
was to fail then  the entire circuit would need replacements where as current system it may just take changing the code to use different pins. 
This belief is founded on incidents that had happend with the robotic arm project as a surge cause two pins on  the arduino to stop working.
